# Alran Roy, The Seeker

> Echani Vale was the name settlers gave to the region which served as the defacto border between Orleans and Avernus and was dominated by heavy forests and the Atruscan mountain range. The terrain here was almost devoid of civilization save for a few settlers and the mountains here considered by both empires to be largely impassable. The Echani Vale was truly one of the few pockets of wilds which still remained within the borders of The Republic which hadn't succumbed to the progress of civilization.  

> It was here where Alran Roy spent his youth. Born to a frontier family who settled in the shadows of the mountains here, it was tragedy which introduced him to a culture which was truly alien to humanity. The Rocs of Echani Vale, great intelligent beasts who lorded over the mountains and woodlands of the Vale, took Alran as one of their own, replacing the family he had lost. The Rocs taught to hunt, to survive among the wilds. A true member of the flock, Alran grew into a man amongst these creatures and they were his home.  

> Home, however, was lacking. Alran was no fool - he knew he was out of place amongst these creatures and it was his curiosity which drove him to seek out Human lands afar. Alran's journey took him north to Algernon, the old pass through the Altruscan range. The lands at the northern ends of the Vale tamed, large mountains transforming into gentle, fertile hills. It was here where the first battles of the Sundering War were fought and Alran's journey there would change him more than he ever expected.  

> War had torn the world asunder. The magic which had served as the tools of nation building now twisted reality to serve the ends of destruction, scarring the land as it went. Algernon was a no-man's land, a place where the Weave was damaged beyond repair. In this wasteland, outer realms would often intersect with the Material Place, twisting it into a strange and alien landscape. It was here where the event occurred, and Alran met the outsiders - through a breach in the world. 

> After the event, Alran found himself tapped into a power through sheer accident, a power which he still did not fully comprehend. He lacked training as a mage but was suddenly gifted with amazing abilities, bending the world to serve his whim. The event had given him a potential - a destiny. There was a price. The outsiders haunted him, visiting him in dreams and visions. It wasn't long before he had a name - Emrakul. The words burned in his mind - the powers he conjured derived from a being that was godlike, perhaps even more than divine.  

> And so the thirst began. He had to know more - to know of these new worlds, to know how to wield this power. Were these events truly up to chance or had the Eldrazi taken an interest in him? Was Alran merely another pawn in a centuries-long struggle?
