crime familiy
uncle? is involved with the repub marines, and is using his position to ferry illicit goods through the port of entry
siblings? yes - 6 of them. one of them may have been excommunicated from the family - maybe he wants revenge?
    why did he leave?
    set of triplets
    one of them died in one of the wars
parents? 
    still in seabide, running the buisness

# Althaea Holimion, The Heiress

> Sebide, a land of decadence and debauchery. This ancient port predates the young Republic and the existence of its member states by decades. Long rumored to be the first human city in the Pontar, Seabide has long been the centerpoint of politics and trade in the South - only rivaled by Verns, Taris, and Amn to the north. The Holimion criminal empire plays a pivotal part in that history.

> Travelling south from Avernus with a cohort of Al'Amin mages, it was Ezra Holimion who created the dynasty at the onset of the third era. The rule of law in Seabide was always dubious at best and Ezra seized power same as the others before him, with might. Nearly limitless magic at his disposal, Ezra established himself and his family as the undisputed crime lords of Seabide, shadowy puppet masters who enjoyed absolute power in the city.

> Ezra's ambitions weren't limited by the borders of the port city. The mage saw Seabide, a city which sat at the Pontar's largest and most defensible port, as the natural capital of the region and had ambitions to control it as a centralized state. His goals would never be realized. Little did Ezra know, but this would be the pinnacle of his family's strength and influence that only decades of slow decline would follow.

> Les Stroud emerged as Ezra's prime adversary. He, along with the shadowy cabal known as the Shadow Thieves who served him, countered Ezra's attempts to establish southern dominance of the Pontar at every turn. The transfer of power from Seabide to the north was gradual but relentless. By the time of Ezra's death, Orleans and Avernus had emerged as the two major powers in the Pontar, leaving Sebide rich but largely political irrelevant. Ezra's passing only accelerated the decline of the family. Stroud's Shadow Thieves took hold in Seabide, beginning to slowly push the Holmion family out of the local government. Even as Stroud began to fade into the shadows, the Shadow Thieves flourished. Eventually the Holimion family found that it no longer held its privileged position. The Seabide military cracked down hard on crime and corruption as they conveniently let the Shadow Thieves operate unmolested.

> The final blow came with the Sundering War. Orleans and it's allies succeeded in their conquest of the Pontar, leaving Verns as it's de facto capital and Seabide sacked. The Republic Legions appointed an Orlenian, Lord William Blythe, as the new governor of Seabide and he chose Victor Montague, leader of Seabide's Shadow Thief Guild, as his chief adviser. With the Shadow Thieves controlling the government, the last fifteen years of Republic control have left the Holimion crime syndicate hanging at the fringes of society, merely a shell of it's former self.

> It was not until recently that events changed the calculus. The Shadow Thieves suddenly suffered a massive collapse. Many of its leadership was suddenly found dead, victims of a massive and mysterious assassination plot hatched to destroy the organization. With Les Stroud's reappearance at the head of an alien army, the individual Shadow Thief guilds lacked leadership to unite them and they crumbled in a matter of months. Such events could not escape the Holimion's notice. Governor Blythe was a weak leader without the Shadow Thieves to protect him, and Victor Montague, one of the few survivors of the purge, suddenly disappeared from his side. The crime family took this opportunity to act, hatching a plan to depose the military governor and install their daughter, Althaea Holimion, as Seabide's new public face. Althea was well liked by the people, and her family, who were much more tied to it's criminal business, believed that her rule would allow them to effectively rule from the shadows.

> To the young woman, the pull of Dynastic rule and the promise of rebuilding her family's legacy was a difficult pull to resist. However, Althaea felt used. Despite pleading, the family patriarchs seemed unwilling to yield her any real power - that her rule would be merely ceremonial. In the end, Althaea refused the offer. Instead she traveled north, following the trail of her brother who had left the family to practice magic in Verns not more than a few months before. She followed that trail north, inquiring about his journey from strangers and family friends alike. In the end the trail grew cold in the capital, obscured by the war effort and with time she forgot the pursuit of her brother, instead turning to other distractions within the city. Still, however, the throne remains, waiting for Althea to return to Seabide and take her rightful place as the future of her family's legacy.