# Steve Silversky, The Patriot

> In the decades before the prominence of the Pontar Valley states, the area which is now Tectus remained as largely unincorporated wilderness. The fortifications there, namely Trimblade's wall, stood unmanned with next to no military presence in the region. These areas loosely fell under the influence of the northern elven kingdoms, whose power was concentrated in the great forests farther north. As such, many of the Tectus settlers were elven clans made up of an uneasy alliance of frontiersmen and exiled criminals. It was in these times, long before the dawn of the Republic, where the village of Broadleaf formed as a vibrant collection of elven clans.

> Life in Tectus during these times was difficult. The elven kingdoms were in the middle of a long decline, and at times the region resembled Hinterlands more than a place ripe for settlers. Raiding bands of dark creatures, orcs and goblins, ravaged the lands. With trade routes plagued by raiders and assistance from the north in short supply, villages like Broadleaf learned self sufficiency or failed almost immediately. However, in spite of the risks the area around Broadleaf flourished and soon the village was able to drive off many of the raiders on its immediate lands. It was a time of hardship, but also of peaceful life on the frontier.

> Orlean's rise to preeminence was followed by a surge of human settlers northward, many aiming to tap into the area's mineral wealth and bring it back to the more fertile south for quick coin. It was almost inevitable that the predominantly human newcomers would come into conflict with the established elven settlements. Further exacerbating the problem, these humans brought significant wealth with them, resulting in waves of increased aggression from orc raiders who still called these lands home. Both human and elven settlements suffered from the raids, straining supplies and tensions between the races to the breaking point.

> The Pontar, seeing it's coffers overflow with coin, became predictably prone to military adventurism, with both Orleans and Middenguard, the northern fiefdom in Redmont, fielding sizable armies that had wallowed largely in the realm of domestic defense. In a mutual compact, a sign of things to come, the powerful human nations created the First Legion, a combined arms unit with the intent of establishing a garrison at Trimblade's wall and pushing north the orc raiders and elves alike - all done in the name of protecting Orlenian frontiersmen. Small bands of orcs and elves were no match for the legion, and the northern campaign had ended in a few months. With victory at hand, the various rulers ordered the First Legion to establish the military protectorate of Tectus, a region whose profits would be jointly shared between Orleans and Middenguard.

> It was these times which would form Steve Silversky's adolescence. He would grow into a man seeing countless refugees pass through Broadleaf, fleeing from the First Legion northward back to the elven kingdoms. For Broadleaf, the result of the human excursion was mixed. The military brought stability to the region - the raids ended, and trade routes were established for the first time. Furthermore, since Broadleaf was north of the Legion's garrison, it remained more or less unmolested by the soldiers - there was little political will in the south to push past Trimblade's wall, and the Pontar nations were soon to find themselves in their own internal conflict, effectively destroying any human ambition for conquering the north. On the other hand, Broadleaf bore witness to countless elven refugees who had been abused and displaced at the hands of human soldiers - some who settled within the village while most pressed northward, presumably looking to return to the safety of the great northern forests.

> After the Sundering War and the formation of the Republic, Tectus once again returned to a relative peace and Steve began to settle into adulthood. The Republic, though made up of many of the same lords who had displaced so many in the past, took great strides to de escalate the rhetoric of human dominance which have been so prevalent years prior.